transport hi Pontiac today General
Motors is officially discontinuing the
brand kind of sad day Pontiacs been
around for eighty-four years or so so I
thought I'd make a video of my van
I'd show off a few of the cool thing
nifty things it has now I think the best
feature arguably this which is a Buick
v6 this one is the 3800 - port injection
this is the RPO code l27 it was
available across a large pot or GM's
line mostly the full sizes it's an ugly
ain't it
it's a 3.8 liter of course and in this
guy's it puts out 170 horsepower and 225
foot-pounds it's not too bad for that
size of an engine this van still really
doesn't move that well but that power
though there's a couple of really cool
features that are on this van though one
of which is a safety feature now
normally people can be dumb and lock
their keys in a car really easily just
by say leaving it in the ignition II you
leave in the ignition then you go to
lock the door because you know you're a
responsible person oh wait a minute
that's not locking that's correct if you
leave the keys in the ignition in this
vehicle you cannot lock the doors
doesn't work on the other lock switch
either however if you take the key out
just a little bit it will lock just fine
another nifty little thing let me borrow
the key a moment is the power locks on
this particular vehicle if you you put
the key in the inner lock
okay just doing like that well that will
unlock the door all right now if you
turn it and hold it for a second it will
unlock the rest of the doors as well and
then we come to one of the best features
on this the power door look at that
thing open by itself and it'll close by
itself too amazing
now there's two buttons that will do
this there's one one here on the
overhead console very clearly marked
power door and there is a second one
here on the b-pillar just behind the
seatbelt which will also
and close it as well there is yet a
third way to open this door if you feel
like being old-fashioned and just pull
the handle
Oh that'll open it - oh my gosh it works
and kind of works in Reverse too but you
got to give it a tug there we are a
bunch of cool stuff
everybody loves the nifty little HVAC
controls the head and here all push
button just with a couple sliders for
temperature and fan speed I didn't get
the cool radio though it's only has two
equalizer sliders huh see we've got
miles on there quite a few hundred
seventy seven thousand seven hundred
seventeen it's not too bad for 15
year-old man though
Pontiac we build excitement